How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that
was introduced?

    We can compare the old and new files and can spot the typo error or any other differences.

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more
efficient programmer in the long term?

    We can compare old files with the new one and can improve our programming.

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google
docs does?

    Pros of git over Google's docs:  Google docs not save the file history. So we can't look up the file history and fix some error we mighht
    have made and that error can be fixed by seeing the file commits.

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple
files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

    It is easier to spot the errors when file commits and in single file rather than in seperate files.

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

    These commands can be used in mac's command line or windows command prompt.

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that
could break something?

    It's always a relief that we can always look back in our files and can fix error that may be not present in past.

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

    For versioning my project.

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more efficient programmer in the long term?

    We can improve our programming habits by looking in older versions of file.
     
Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

    Some files are interconnected and cannot be treated as seperate.

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

	Use git log to see all the commits and git diff command to compare the commits using commit id.

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that could break something?
   
    We can always go back.

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?
    
    version control.


